So as I'm going through and you can see we're kind of speeding through this process of taking all the
Selex that we've made.
And now I'm cutting it and sinking it up to different words and different sentences of my voice over
this process.
This could be a little bit tedious, but really the takeaway here is that we're using the important
clips that we set aside for our edit and were simply scrunching everything down into a much faster pace
montage similar to what we did with the opening the boxes sequence in a previous learning lesson.
But instead of doing that to the sound in the clips, we're doing it to the sound of the voiceover.
And now that the edit is at a pretty good place, I just want to kind of play through a couple of parts
here.
Now, we got it down to ten minutes, just over ten minutes.
So I'm going to skip through and just kind of play a few parts so you can get a feel for what the visuals
are looking like for what the voiceover is sounding like.
And then we're going to go in and start adding our layer of music and a few other refining tips.
So I'm going to skip ahead to, let's say.
And that leads us to the Christmas phase.
This is going to be where you're at your peak of overwhelm during this process, because you're going
to end up with a bunch of packages at your house when you don't even really remember what you ordered,
but there's just a bunch of boxes.
So I use this room to create a cool little montage with a really pointy object.
And after putting any band aids on, so that's kind of how our montage got together, we were able to
use it at a specific part that made total sense for the video.
So let's continue to play it through.
And after putting any band aids on for minor cuts and scratches from that last montage.
Now it is time for our initial test shots instead of beads.
So what you want to do is grab your most important equipment.
Mine's going to be my key, like my main lighting source, a camera at my desk, in my chair.
And I'm going to kind of move things around in my studio to find out what's going to be the best location
in the backdrop.
So you can continue to move things around, wave your hands around, do a little bit of a dance.
And after all of the testing, just move things back to where you figure they're going to be in the
first place.
But now that we've done that, we have our set up ready to go.
And all we have to worry about in the future is sitting down and hitting record because we know we're
maximizing our space because we did these test shots.
And now that we've done that, it's time to second guess all the decisions we made up to this point.
So you can see that there's cutting at big moments of what's happening in the voiceover.
So you can kind of read the audio here that you can almost see just from looking at how this looks right
here, that there might be a cut there.
And there is.
And then this is a big peak.
So these are intonations.
These are changes in speech.
These are new sentences.
These are changes in thought and me making different points.
And that just kind of happens to line up with when the volume of someone's voice might change.
So that's something to keep an eye on and something to keep in mind when you're deciding when should
I make a cut, when should I edit, when should I change my shot?
That's something to keep in mind.
These cuts are literally matching up with the specific kind of packets of speech that I have these to
line up with this sentence.
Let's see what it was.
So you can continue to move things around, wave your hands around, do a little bit of a dance.
Right.
So I'm always showing what the vocals are saying.
That might be obvious to you, but it may not.
It's really kind of so obvious that it's not obvious.
I see a lot of people who create videos.
They're not showing things that the music or the vocals are telling what should be shown.
They're speaking about something, but they're showing something else.
So it's almost so obvious that it's maybe overlooked.
I'm not quite sure why not many people do it.
And if we kind of skip forward, let's just look at maybe one more example before we get into updating
the audio.
We don't have a whole lot of time for that, because now it is our building process.
This is where we get to the listing's marks and things, drills and things use a cool laser thing.
And ideally, by the end of this process, we've shown these things on the wall and they are staying
on the wall and voila, there we go.
Now we have our shelves in the background and we put some lights on in the background to see how things
are starting to come together, which leads us to our painting and styling phase.
So you can kind of see how these chapters they're changing.
And so what's going to be taught in each one of these little mini chapters of this 10 minute video is
going to be likely possibly a new song.
So we're going to get into some tips here and some techniques around using multiple tracks, which I
set aside some already that we'll go through together.
These are going to create a 10 minute video that really feels more like a four or five minute video,
because we're going to change the music so often.
It's really going to make a brand new start and the beginning to our video.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves yet.
And let's first get into a technique on how to use reverb in a strategic way in the next learning lesson.